There is a book
that by its many pages,
Brings peace and joy
and hope to humankind.
Its wondrous thoughts
are charged with such great power;
It brings life to the “dead,”
sight to the “blind.”
That precious book
is God’s own Holy Bible.
Its words were penned
by men whom God inspired,
By men who truly loved
their God Jehovah,
And by his holy spirit
they were fired.
They wrote a record true
of God’s creations,
How by his might
this universe appeared.
They also told how man
at first was sinless
But how his Paradise
then disappeared.
They further told
about a certain angel
Who challenged God
and spurned his sov’reignty.
That challenge led to sin
and man’s great sorrow,
But soon will come
Jehovah’s victory.
The time has come
with reason for rejoicing:
Jehovah rules
by his anointed King.
So now we preach
the good news of the Kingdom
And share the hope
of blessings it will bring.
Within his book are found
these cheerful tidings;
A sacred banquet feast
on which to feed.
It offers peace
beyond all human thinking;
This Living Treasure
beckons all to read.